Adri Musa Dagh as if a TT to match a
donkey and co-coach tomorrow Forsman
tycoon book which surprised a Nikoli so
let's see a surprise yeah
[Applause]
[Music]
you
[Applause]
[Music]
Oh
[Applause]
what a performance
what a performance doesn't stop princess
back
yayyy performance dance in Iran season 1
with each other or wapis same tissue act
to matrimony korgoth kata muslim perhaps
a poo snake cancel I got up quite a
surprise
Parvati Exelero magic fonduta kinky
disapproval doable then fell to vapor o0
pod competed in gilead abodes other
Campeche not about me but jessica Miku
yeah even a seasoned melodica be a
dovish at key jeopardy ID lega prince
Ghanim pakka rider again he is he is
brilliant Oh
history get popping up curtain it was
outstanding in Greenland now that's what
I call it dance tastic performance
[Music]
[Applause]
yeah
[Music]
[Applause]
Oh
[Music]
[Applause]
so he carry popping locking bother
chatter play and what about other things
I think he pani vigil time but the earth
maker by he walks over the water
he flows over it and even his moonwalk
to everything prints up Guevara me I'm a
cushioning can i June Annika hiya dragna
suffer odd acetal HLT cello pass
democracy Rocco and pray to Almighty
that he gives you everything to become
somebody someday very big thank you
thank you sir thank you so much master
thank you
[Applause]